---
permalink: /legal/
layout: single
title: "Legal Stuff"
#header:
  #overlay_image: /assets/images/humanprocessing.jpg
  #caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  #cta_label: "More Info"
  #cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
  #overlay_filter: 0.25
#show_overlay_title: true
#show_overlay_excerpt: true
excerpt: "Disclaimers and Privacy Policy"
classes: wide
author_profile: true
---

It’s worth clarifying that each and every thought on this website is my own, I’m responsible for what I say, and all errors, stupid comments, and idiocy are my own personal responsibility. These are my own thoughts, generated by me, representing me. They – and this website – are in no way affiliated with ExperiencEconomy Ltd. or any other company that I have any involvement in. If I’ve made a mistake, it’s my fault. If something I wrote made you laugh, you can thank me. Obviously, you should not rely on anything in this website as legal, financial, accounting, investment, tax, or any other kind of regulated advice. I’m merely a gal who has a bunch of opinions, no matter how stupid they are.

My co-writers are incorporated herein 'by reference', which is legalese for “what they say is their own stuff and not affiliated with any of the companies they work for either.”

Oh, and good to note that this page is reviewed and revised from time to time.


## DISCLAIMERS

- Any opinions expressed are solely my own and do not express the views or opinions of my employer. Co-writers incorporated herein by reference and their opinions are also their own and do not express the views or opinions of their employers.
- I am not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this website on other websites or media without my permission.
- This shall not constitute an offer to buy, sell, or solicit securities.
- All information provided herein is for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon to make an investment decision and does not intend to make an offer or solicitation for the sale or purchase of any specific securities, investments, or investment strategies.
- Nothing contained herein constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied on in making an investment or other decision.
- This may contain forward-looking statements and projections that are based on our current beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available that we believe to be reasonable. However, such statements necessarily involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
- Investments involve risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed.
- In considering any performance information contained herein, you should bear in mind that past or projected performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that any entity referenced herein will achieve comparable results or that return objectives, if any, will be met.
- All of the information herein is subject to change without notice. Information is provided as of the dates set forth herein. Current or future characteristics and other information may vary significantly from those provided herein and the poster undertakes no obligation to notify anyone of such variances or update the information herein.
- The poster does not represent that the information herein is accurate, true or complete, makes no warranty, express or implied, regarding the information herein and shall not be liable for any losses, damages, costs or expenses related to its adequacy, accuracy, truth, completeness or use.
- The charts, tables, and graphs contained in any post are not intended to be used to assist the reader in determining which securities to buy or sell or when to buy or sell securities.


## PRIVACY POLICY

Your time is valuable so I’ll keep it simple.
1. I collect your email address (should you join my Newsletter) and will use this information by adding you to my list of interested visitors, to be in touch with you, send you newsletters that include an opt-out link, and provide you with updates and marketing.
3. I do not to share your personal information with 3rd party services.
4. Every email I send will include a link to opt out of any future communication. You can also contact pateskinasy.newsletter@gmail.com directly if you wish for
your data to be 100% deleted.
5. I do not store information I collect about your visit to this website for use other than to analyse content performance through the use of cookies (log files to help learn about when, from where, and how often traffic flows to this site), which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings.

## License
All original content (e.g. articles, blog posts, data visualizations, illustrations, photographs) available on this website is released under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/deed.en_US), unless otherwise noted. In other words, this means you are free to share, transmit, distribute, alter, transform, and build on my work just as long as you don’t use it for commercial purposes without my prior written consent.

# Attribution
A link back to the 'source article' attributed to either [pateskinasy.com](https://www.pateskinasy.com) or [Pat Eskinasy](https://www.pateskinasy.com) is good enough for me.

That’s all for now!

_Updated May 18, 2018_
